Add Romanian community tournaments (#9071)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Tournaments/o!RT/2021/en.md

---
tags:
  - o!RST 2021
  - o!RT
---

# osu! Romania Summer Tournament 2021

![{SHORT_TITLE} logo](img/logo.png)

> The **osu! Romania Summer Tournament 2021** (***o!RST 2021***) was a 1v1, double elimination, country-based osu! tournament for Romanian and Moldovan players hosted by ::{ flag=RO }:: [Nice Aesthetics](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7782553), ::{ flag=RO }:: [FallenAngelD](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5225626), and ::{ flag=RO }:: [Ahrinity](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11587229). It was the 3rd instalment of the osu! Romania Tournament.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **osu! Romania Summer Tournament 2021** (***o!RST 2021***) was a 1v1, double elimination osu! tournament for Romanian and Moldovan players hosted by ::{ flag=RO }:: [Nice Aesthetics](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7782553), ::{ flag=RO }:: [FallenAngelD](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5225626), and ::{ flag=RO }:: [Ahrinity](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/11587229). It was the 3rd instalment of the osu! Romania Tournament.
```

Reviewer: (`country-based` implies that the tournament consists of countries facing up against each other as in the World Cup)

## Tournament schedule

| Event | Timestamp |
| --: | :-- |
| Registration phase | 2021-05-24/2021-06-28 |
| Qualifier stage | 2021-07-20/2021-07-21 |
| Round of 32 | 2021-07-31/2021-08-01 |
| Round of 16 | 2021-08-07/2021-08-08 |
| Quarterfinals | 2021-08-14/2021-08-15 |
| Semifinals | 2021-08-21/2021-08-22 |
| Finals | 2021-09-04/2021-09-05 |
| Grand Finals | 2021-09-11/2021-09-12 |

## Prizes

| Placing | Prize(s) |
| :-: | :-- |
| ![Gold crown "1st Place"](/wiki/shared/crown-gold.png "1st place") | 70€, 1x Lotus Keypad, Profile Badge |
| ![Silver crown "2nd Place](/wiki/shared/crown-silver.png "2nd place") | 30€, 1x Lotus Keypad |

![](img/badge.png "o!RST 2021 winner badge")

> **Note**: The tournament winner waived his Lotus Keypad prize, thusly one keypad was awarded to the 3rd place contestant instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: As the winner of the tournament waived his Lotus Keypad prize, the keypad was awarded to the 3rd place winner instead.
```

- NoMod
  1. [Higuchi Kaede - MARBLE (Amateurre) [Resonance]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1189212#osu/2579124)
  2. [Ice - Amber Wishes (JBHyperion) [toybot's Extreme]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/412859#osu/902716)
  3. [Nanahoshi Kangengakudan - No,39 (pkk) [No Sankyuu]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/531488#osu/1126317)
  4. [EmoCo. - This Club is Not 4 U (Ryuusei Aika) [#1: Ellyu's Expert]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1282123#osu/2663016)
- Hidden
  1. [jippusu - Mushikui Saikede Rhythm (Amamiya Yuko) [RLC]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/87547#osu/240689)
  2. [Aki - star river (ShirohaMyMommy) [Lunatic]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/908990#osu/1896891)
- HardRock
  1. [Omoi - Totsugeki Zenya no Dance (Yales) [Explosion]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/342030#osu/756065)
  2. [MYTK - Senkyou (Realazy) [Cubby's Insane]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1262410#osu/2623949)
- DoubleTime
  1. [Sana - Byoumei Koiwazurai ([ Joey ]) [Insane]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/220636#osu/609741)
  2. [DJ Fresh (feat. Rita Ora) - Hot Right Now (Radio Edit) (Asphyxia) [Kysphyxia's Insane]](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/231114#osu/539090)

## Match results

### Grand Finals

> Saturday, 11 September 2021

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Saturday, 11 September 2021:
```

| Player 1 | | | Player 2 | Match link |
| --: | :-: | :-: | :-- | :-- |
| \_AfterWind ::{ flag=RO }:: | 4 | **9** | ::{ flag=RO }:: **L9 ELOVATOR** | [#1](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/matches/90747076) |

> Sunday, 12 September 2021

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sunday, 12 September 2021:
```

Reviewer: (and so on)
